feat(components): Add DataList.StatusBar (#1596)
GetJobber/atlantis: docs/components/DataList/DataList.stories.mdx

  />
</DataList>
```

> ### Status Bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Status bar
```

Sentence case per our[ guidelines](https://job-80005-add-datalist-banne.atlantis.pages.dev/?path=/docs/content-formatting--page#capitalization)

  />
</DataList>
```

### Banner

You can add a banner that will be displayed between the filters and the header.
This banner can be used to display error messages or anything you want to

> information the user about something related to the Datalist. It renders a
> Atlantis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
inform the user about something related to the Datalist. It renders an
Atlantis
```

[Banner](../?path=/docs/components-status-and-feedback-banner-docs--page)

> component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
component.
```
